It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will, which I now exert to leave you.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
You forget what you want to remember, and you remember what you want to forget.
But soft! What light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
My advice is, never do tomorrow what you can do today. Procrastination is the thief of time.
So many things are possible just as long as you don't know they're impossible.
The same substance composes us“ the tree overhead, the stone beneath us, the bird, the beast, the star we are all one, all moving to the same end.
Love is holy because it is like grace the worthiness of its object is never really what matters.
How easy it was to lie to strangers, to create with strangers the versions of our lives we imagined.
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
Do I love you? My God, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
The longer I live, the more uninformed I feel. Only the young have an explanation for everything.
Most men and women will grow up to love their servitude and will never dream of revolution.
But man is not made for defeat, he said. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed in his bed into an enormous insect.
Oh, the places you'll go! You'll be on your way up! You'll be seeing great sights! You'll join the high fliers who soar to high heights.
Ralph wept for the end of innocence, the darkness of man's heart, and the fall through the air of the true, wise friend called Piggy.
"Then you must teach my daughter this same lesson. How to lose your innocence but not your hope. How to laugh forever."